---
layout: post
title: I DID IT!
date: 2003-09-17 06:12
comments: true
categories: []
---
Today was a busy day...but a good one! This morning, in anticipation of finding out if I was going to be a Ford employee, I anxiously got to work early, checked my email...<b>NOTHING</b>!

My boss comes in, walks right past me....NOTHING!! What a creep! Didn't even say hi, like he normally does. Didn't even get situated and come over and tell me to call ADAM, <b>nothing</b>! About 15 minutes later, he walks over, and shakes my hand. MAN OH MAN!!! I was so anxious, that I probably didn't even look excited!!! But I most certainly was!

So the HR hurdle is next. I get an application via email about 10 minutes after he tells me the good news. I filled it out and drove it over to ITHQ, to give it to Jacqueline. Now I wait for an email offer and an overnight offer/package. They said I could start as a Ford employee around Oct. 1. We shall see how it goes!

<b>HAIR</b>
I singed the left side of my hair tonight, lighting the BBQ. My eyelashes and eyebrows are a little bit shorter now...so I just shaved my head in anticipation fo the big race on Oct. 5.

<b>Michelle</b>
She also had a very exciting day! She started her new job today! I am so proud of her! She inspires me to do so many things. I also thought about how I fell in love with her all the way back in 11th grade!!! I never stopped loving her since that time!

<b>Georgia</b>
My cousin Georgia, in Greece, had a stroke yesterday. :( I can't believe it. She's so young, early 40s. It's a damn shame. We are anxiously awaiting to hear from Greece to see what's happened in the last day!
